hey I'm eating lawyer and we're at Costa
Mesa skate park today I'm gonna teach
you out of impossible but you're set up
you're gonna put like the same way for
the front or again you're gonna put your
back foot in the sku position you're
front foot almost in a kickflip and it's
all on your back foot scoop and then you
shift your front foot up to make it wrap
and then you bring it back your front
foot is always in the back
always dangling and your back foots
doing all the motion the whole time and
then you bring it back and land it roll
away
so foot doesn't do anything it's all
your back foot shifting it up wrapping
it and then your front foots up here the
whole time then you bring it back the
key to getting a good wrap is probably
just the most scoop you have you scoop
it and bring it up the way I learned out
it impossible is I would no comply it
just practice it like that I would scoop
it bring up and wrap it like that this
whole motion I would just practice that
like practice it for like a week almost
and I finally learned how to get that
motion and do it with my front foot with
my front foot on it and was able to
bring it around and keep it with me you
know but before that's like the main way
I learned how to impossible is just no
compliance bringing up no comply bring
it up and then I finally kept both feet
on it and did it and I felt successful
pretty much the most common problem is
not wrapping it a lot of people don't
wrap it and it's not considered
impossible if you don't wrap it it's
considered a three show for sure
Dylan reader obviously he does some
straight up and down you know it gets
that good scoop and wrap up and uh he
probably is the best one for sure
it weighs you off the kicker because
then you get like your foots already
going in that motion popping off with
your back tail and then it scoops your
front foot up and then you wrap it
around a lot easier I would consider
learning on my flat ground first and
then taking them to that but they might
even be easier for you on that because
your front foot is already like shooting
and your back foots going up already
from the pop there's the thing in here
that says you got arrested for stealing
a golf cart but the technique for this
trick basically would be to no slide and
as you're sliding